Update profiling-workflow-dotnet-runtime.md (#1338)
dotnet/performance: docs/profiling-workflow-dotnet-runtime.md

**This doc explains how to profile local [dotnet/runtime](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime) builds and it's targetted at [dotnet/runtime](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime) repository contributors.**

> Before you start any performance investigation, you need to [build](#Build) [dotnet/runtime](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime) in **Release**, create a small [repro](#Repro) app and change the default [project settings](#Project-Settings). If you want to profile a microbenchmark test, [BenchmarkDotNet has built-in profiling option](https://github.com/dotnet/performance/blob/master/docs/benchmarkdotnet.md#profiling) to collect trace.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start any performance investigation, you need to [build](#Build) [dotnet/runtime](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime) in **Release**, create a small [repro](#Repro) app and change the default [project settings](#Project-Settings). If you want to profile a BenchmarkDotNet test (like those in this repo), [BenchmarkDotNet has built-in profiling option](https://github.com/dotnet/performance/blob/master/docs/benchmarkdotnet.md#profiling) to collect trace.  
```

What do you think about specifying clearly that the option is for BDN tests? "Microbenchmark" is a catchall that folks might get slightly hung up on.
